Guys, 1 million subscribers. 
 That's like a million of you. 
 [Applause] 
 Thank you. I just wanted to mention it 
 briefly in this video because otherwise 
 this video comes out after hitting a 
 million subscribers and you guys think 
 that I'm just not acknowledging it. Not 
 true. I want to say a massive thank you 
 to every This is so cool. It's hard for 
 me to wrap my head around it, but I'm 
 going to film an a million subscribers 
 special. So, that's why I'll just gloss 
 over it briefly here, but just know that 
 I'm freaking out, man. just prepare for 
 the best 1 million subscriber special 
 ever. It will probably be out in like 3 
 weeks or something like that. It's 
 honestly just a dumb It's probably the 
 dumbest idea I've ever had. So, now that 
 I've hit a million subscribers, I guess 
 you could say I'm an influencer. Finally 
 get to brandish that title. I'm going to 
 get it tattooed upon my chest. And so, 
 today we're going to be looking at 
 influencer cringe so I can see what not 
 to do now that I am an influencer. Okay. What was that? I was about to see I 
 don't see any cringe there until she hit 
 the 
 Let me get one of those in real quick. 
 Let me just get three sets of those in 
 when I find out I'm about to get a sweet 
 treat. What I will say is it is so 
 awkward when you are getting your photo 
 taken cuz what what are you supposed to 
 do? I kind of get that little 
 kachchow. That's what I say. This is me 
 though. 
 Cuz 
 what are you supposed to do with your 
 hands? At least she's keeping them busy. 
 I guess a little one of those, you know. 
 God, I'm out of breath. Just a heads up, 
 I am ill, so I'm going to get out of 
 breath quite easily. You're going to 
 hear some blocked Oh, maybe my voice is 
 a little bit husky now. Just ladies, 
 please calm down. I'm just ill. I'm full 
 of mucus. 
 Not one person is there for you. Oh, 
 really? Not one person's here for me. 
 So, if I scream right now, who's here 
 for Lacy? You know what's going to make 
 some noise? 
 Wait, are any of you here cuz of his 
 stream? 
 [Applause] 
 Who's here for Lacy? Whoa. 
 It's probably the worst time for a voice 
 break as well. Who's here for Lazy? When 
 was this? What was this? Was this when 
 Mr. Beast was in London for the Sidemen 
 charity match and went around on a bus? 
 God damn, I'm chronically online. How do 
 I know that? Am I right? I think I'm 
 right. Yeah, I think it's funny though. 
 Shouting who's here and then someone did 
 make some noise, but they just said no 
 one. When you've got that many creators 
 on the bus though, the wheels go round 
 and round, you know? It's how it's how 
 it works. Oh my god, I love this video. 
 Can I take a picture with you? 
 Oh yeah, of course. 
 I love it cuz they're like, "Oh, can I 
 get a a picture with you?" She's like, 
 "Oh, yeah, of course." And then she like 
 grabs her phone so they think, "Oh, 
 we're going to get it now." They start 
 walking over and then she just says, 
 "Let me just film this TikTok first." So 
 they stand there and watch it. 
 Hang on. I just realized I did this. 
 Basically, what I just did there was 
 like, "Oh, I love this video because," 
 and then explained the whole video 
 rather than just like picking out one 
 bit. Usually when people say, "Oh, I 
 love this because of this," they just 
 pick out one small bit of it. I just 
 said the whole video, "Oh, I love this 
 video because I love this video." 
 Anyway, 
 this [Music] I hate being watched when filming 
 anything. Let alone when you're like, 
 not that I do that a lot, but Oh god, 
 that's so brave to be like, "Yeah, just 
 one sec. I've just got to do a little 
 something. 
 Oh, pop my shoulder out. Oh god." Well, 
 that was embarrassing. That was 
 influencer cringe right there, I guess. 
 And that balloon just took me out as 
 well. 
 You don't want to see my angry song. I 
 like how the girl in the background was 
 actually doing it along with her, 
 though. So, she she [ __ ] with it. She 
 remembers. She knows what it is. I can't 
 remember the rest of the video, though. 
 Did they get a photo? Like, what 
 happened in the photo? Was it normal? 
 Nice to meet you guys. Nice to meet you, 
 too. 
 Hi. Y'all are so cute. That bit broke my heart. You know when 
 you're waiting for your hug to come and 
 it never does. He just got hit with that 
 real quick. He was like gearing up ready 
 for it and then just Oh, hey guys. God, this really is cringing me out. But 
 he did get the hug in the end, so it 
 doesn't matter. And then they 
 just get a photo. Yeah, of course. He's just offering out Joe and the juice 
 in the back like, "Who wants this?" 
 Yeah. Come on over. Come on over. Out 
 the way. 
 Yeah, for sure. 
 I got to say that's some impressing 
 posing from her in the photos as well. 
 Like when if I ever take a photo of 
 someone, I'm so awkward. I'm like, 
 she's there. She's killing. The only cringe part of 
 this video is the fact that Tik Tok 
 dances just were cringe back then, but 
 everyone was doing it. So, it's kind of 
 like, is it cringe? I don't know. 
 Because that was the norm. Yamming the 
 air. So, oh, people are actually 
 surprised because she's had a massive 
 rebrand. She's now like Addison Ray is 
 not what Addison Ray once was. That's 
 what a rebrand is. People, she's now 
 badadison Ray. What's the song that she 
 did? I know. It was very Charlie XX, 
 wasn't it? Look at me trying to pretend 
 I know what I'm talking about. Oh, it 
 was very like Ballerina Cappuccino at 
 the time. I think uh when you reach Ank 
 status and people saying you're chopped, 
 you figure things out. Okay, we got more 
 Addison. She shares a story on how she 
 got signed to Columbia Records. I didn't 
 even know she got signed to Columbia 
 Records. Oh, you got signed to Columbia 
 Records? I got signed to Paraguay 
 Records. just another country in South 
 America and I'm just that's how my 
 that's how funny comedy can be. I had 
 words and colors printed out on a binder 
 because I didn't have any music but I 
 know what I wanted to do. What? 
 Right. So I went into Colombia. 
 I had a little accent on that Colombia 
 real quick. That's the Latina. There's a 
 Latina coming inside of her. Can you 
 hear that? Oh, I went into Colombia 
 Records the other day. 
 I went into Colombia and I 
 No, I was just imagining it. It was the 
 voices inside my head. the voices inside 
 my head are all Latina. 
 Had talked to um Ron Perry plenty of 
 times before and I'm like, "Okay, you 
 know, let's set a meeting." We set a 
 meeting. I made this binder. I had a 
 binder and usually when you go into a 
 label meeting, they're like expecting 
 you to show them music obviously, right? 
 Like you play the label, the music. 
 You didn't play any music? 
 No music. I had colors printed out and I 
 had words printed out. 
 Oh, no. 
 I know. Dream big, guys. you you you 
 thought this was a good idea. 
 I did. I was like, I don't have the 
 music because I haven't been able to go 
 into the studio, but I was like, I know 
 exactly what I want to do. And I was 
 like, here's 50 words that are 
 describing how the music's going to make 
 you feel. And here's 10 colors. 
 But Addison, this is this just says Blue 
 Waffle. How is that song going to sound? 
 Think about it. But hey, it worked. She 
 got the deal. So, if this was in uh Do 
 you say biopic? Biopic. Let's say it was 
 in a biopic. biopic of some great 
 musician who lived back in the day. Say 
 Amy Winehouse did this. And I know this 
 isn't back in the day, okay? Let's just 
 say Amy Winehouse did this. Everyone's 
 like, "Genius." When Addison Ray does 
 it, people are like, "H, what's she 
 playing at?" But it worked. And then in 
 the future, people are going to look 
 back and be like, "Add Ray did that. She 
 did the whole binder blue waffle thing, 
 you know." 
 No, I was like, you know, just believe 
 it and some magic will happen. I 
 promise. And 
 and then boy oh boy did it. 
 Yeah. I went into the studio with um my 
 two really close friends and 
 collaborators, Luca and Alvivera. So, it 
 was a room of females only making this 
 album, which was really, really special 
 and so rare. 
 To be honest, I actually quite I think 
 it's kind of cool. I'm going to get my 
 own binder with words in it. I'm going 
 to start learning some words. Let's put 
 it that way. I'm going to start figuring 
 out how to start writing things down. 
 I'm going to get literate. You guys are 
 Oh god, I wish I had a word to say about 
 that. That was painful. I don't want to 
 come across like a woke [ __ ] but 
 like 
 what's he going to say? 
 Dude, women have it hard. Women have it 
 [ __ ] hard. And I and I empathize with 
 you woke you woke [ __ ] This would be 
 fine if you didn't say I don't want to 
 come across as a woke [ __ ] just 
 before saying women have it hard. I 
 think it was just a poor choice of words 
 there because it's not woke to think 
 that women have it hard. But I'm going 
 to say it. Unpopular opinion. I think 
 women shouldn't have periods. I think 
 it's unfair. Yeah, I said it. Bunnies 
 used in Anna Delvie photo shoot randomly 
 dropped in New York City Park. Am I 
 stupid or does that sentence not make 
 sense? I think it's the stupid bit where 
 she was having a photo shoot with her 
 ankle monitor on and a bunch of bunnies 
 and then they just 
 Wait, why she got why she got an Asbo. 
 What she do? Wait, what's going on? And 
 she's got bunnies. Why have they also 
 got them on? 
 The bunnies go free in a random park in 
 New York City as if like that was their 
 natural habitat. is just 
 one of my favorite stories of the year. 
 All right, so this is Anna Delvi. 2019 
 she was convicted of grand lararseny. Um 
 that was because she had a scheme to 
 defraud hotels, banks, and other 
 businesses by posing as a wealthy 
 Harris. She's out of jail now. She has 
 an 
 Well, that's some medieval [ __ ] What do 
 you mean she was posing as a wealthy 
 Harris? Oh, she's a pretender to the 
 throne. So she What's a hairs? A little 
 something like that. Is that hair? Is 
 it? No, I've got nits. I shouldn't be 
 flicking things around. So wait, defraud 
 it because I know what fraud is, but 
 when you put different things in front 
 of fraud, now you've put duh in front of 
 fraud and you've got def fraud. Okay, 
 what about the baby? Cuz baby and the 
 baby are two completely different 
 things. Baby, they can't stand up yet. 
 They're stupid. They always asking for 
 milk and you don't owe them anything. 
 You don't owe them anything. Remember 
 that. The baby was a singer song writer 
 who got a busted dirty ass Adida thrown 
 at his head. So fraud and defraud can be 
 completely two different things. I'm 
 going to have to find out. What is 
 defrauding hotels as a hyris? Oh, a 
 hyris. I get it now. It's the iris. 
 Defrauding hotels as an iris refers to 
 the act of using a fraudulent persona of 
 a wealthy high-risisk to deceive hotels 
 into providing services for free at a 
 reduced rate. So, when I go into a hotel 
 and I'm like, it's my birthday and they 
 give me a cake. They could put a tag on 
 my ankle and before I know it, I'm 
 letting iguanas free in London. Is that 
 what this means? So, she was going in 
 pretending to be wealthy, a queen, maybe 
 something like that. by posing as a 
 wealthy Harris. She's out of jail now. 
 She has an ankle monitor on. She did 
 Dancing with the Stars with But over the 
 weekend, she does this photo shoot with 
 a bunch of bunnies. But then, 
 wait, she did Dancing with the Stars 
 with an ankler on. Is it really bad what 
 she did or they're like, "Nah, it's 
 fine. It's funny." I I don't get it. Is 
 she in trouble or not? She's just 
 walking around with that thing on. To be 
 honest, I thought it was a whoop when I 
 first saw it. These fitness trackers are 
 getting out of hand. random neighbor in 
 Prospect Park, Brooklyn, which is near 
 where she did the photo shoot, saw that 
 there there there were these three 
 domesticated rabbits, bunnies, just in 
 the park. It's then put together by the 
 internet that those rabbits were used in 
 Annadelv's photo shoot and they were 
 dumped in Prospect Park. After this 
 became a big thing, they blamed the 
 assistant. Apparently, somebody that was 
 helping with the photo shoot found 
 somebody in Yonkers with some rabbits 
 and then didn't know what to do with 
 them after the snaps had been taken. 
 That person tried to get back in contact 
 with the person in Yonkers, but then 
 panicked when they couldn't get in touch 
 with the owner and left them in the park 
 because they believed mistakenly that 
 they were existing rabbits in there. So, 
 she let the rabbits go. So, she did this 
 photo shoot with rabbits and then was 
 like, "Get out of here. Cut them free. I 
 don't want them. I'm a hirus. I don't 
 need them anyway. Whatever hirus is 
 this. Okay, now this is influencer 
 cringe. This what I'm talking about. 
 When you see a photo online just you're 
 wearing an ankle monometer or whatever 
 he's calling it, monometer is definitely 
 not a word. And three rabbits and and 
 she's like, "Yeah, this is kind of 
 cool." Everyone else's like, "What the 
 [ __ ] is that?" Then she's let the 
 rabbits go cuz it was all just for a 
 photo anyway. She's like, "Okay, y job 
 done. Off you go." Damn, you see those 
 Halloween socks? 
 Just getting a spooky season. So, I'm 
 out now. 
 Became such a big thing that Anna Delv's 
 team went full on PR, contacted Page 6, 
 New York Post, and goes, "Hey, this is 
 Anna Delv. I do not eat meat." Okay, 
 this wasn't me. I do not 
 No one's saying you ate them. What's 
 going on now? No, guys. I couldn't How 
 could I have let these rabbits go? I 
 don't eat meat. I'm a vegetarian. You 
 think I would let rabbits go free? 
 I had no involvement in the acquisition, 
 transport, or return of these animals. I 
 would never condone these actions. I do 
 not eat meat. And then the person that 
 was taking the photos, I guess is a 
 known person in the industry for taking 
 photos. Her name is Jasper. There, that 
 person's lawyer reaches out to New York 
 Post, page six, and goes, "Thankfully, 
 the bunnies are safe and being cared 
 for. Jasper is a huge animal lover, has 
 grown up and cared for animals such as 
 birds, cats, dogs, parakeetses, iguanas, 
 and has a lovely dog named Tinkerbell." Hey, we've all got a bell that tinkers, 
 bro. 
 Did every single animal they ever had. 
 We believe you guys. You don't need to 
 let us know that you had a iguana in 
 third grade. Yeah, the bunnies are safe 
 and a delv man. 
 Yeah, but guys, it also couldn't have 
 been me cuz I also one time I picked a 
 snail up and put it on the other side of 
 the road so I didn't have to do the 
 journey. So, it kind of can't have been 
 me. Damn. So, we got a bunny dumper in 
 the news that happened. Okay. Bengal 
 star Joe Burrow's girlfriend. I actually 
 know Joe Burrows who that is cuz he does 
 that. Olivia Pontton has gone viral 
 after she posted a video of crying in 
 Paris Charles de Ghoul airport because 
 she was lost. Pontton wonders the 
 airport crying for half an hour because 
 of the struggles. Wow. Wait, she got 
 lost in the airport and just filmed it 
 and cry. How do you get lost in an 
 airport? How big is this Paris Charles 
 de Ghoul airport? I'm in the Paris 
 airport 
 and I'm so [ __ ] lost and there's no 
 signs and nothing makes sense. Like it 
 keeps telling me to go to 2D and I 
 there's no 2D doesn't exist 
 and nothing works here. 
 Do you know that's actually kind of 
 funny cuz although I just said how do 
 you get lost in an airport? I have 
 gotten lost in the airport multiple 
 times cuz maps doesn't work when you're 
 in an airport and you know when you're 
 looking around you're trying to find 
 Popeyes and it's like oh I know it's 
 here. Where the freak is it? So I guess 
 I don't get lost. I get lost on the way 
 to food. I never get to the food. I just 
 go to a vending machine instead cuz 
 that's all I can manage. So, I kind of 
 you know what? I kind of feel this. 
 Posting yourself crying about it, 
 though. It's never a good idea cuz you 
 you know what people online are like. 
 They're in the comments going, "Yeah, 
 but what about a real struggle? You're 
 lost in an airport. My son has been 
 mining for 7 years and he's never come 
 back." 
 Which, yeah, that is a struggle. But no 
 one asked. 
 See, it keeps telling me to come down 
 these freaking stairs, but then when I 
 come here, the train only says 
 that it goes to M, L, and K, and I need 
 to go to [ __ ] D. Like what does that 
 even mean? 
 I've literally been walking around this 
 [ __ ] airport for like 30 minutes just 
 balling my eyes out and I'm just 
 Do you know what it is? Cuz you're in 
 Paris airport. The letters are in 
 French. So when you're trying to get to 
 D, D is not D in French. D is actually M 
 in French. So you are actually there. 
 I'm so lost. 
 [Applause] 
 I can't with this airport. 
 Swim in the airport. 
 This was back in September. Rim has it 
 she's still there. She's still wandering 
 the halls trying to find whatever it 
 was, D2 or whatever she was talking 
 about. Guys, if you're in Paris and you 
 you happen to be into the airport and 
 you and you hear a whailing a wailing 
 woman walking the halls, it's actually 
 her. 
 Okay. Recent polls have shown a fifth of 
 Americans can't locate the US on a world 
 map. Why do you think this is? I 
 personally believe that US Americans are 
 unable to do so because 
 me trying to increase my word count 
 trying to oh I genuinely genuinely 
 believe that US Americans that's right 
 Americans of the US genuinely can't 
 locate the US America that is on the map 
 of the world that is because well they 
 it's not on there that's my opinion 
 some people out there in our nation 
 don't have maps and I believe that our 
 education like such as in South Africa 
 and the Iraq everywhere like such as and 
 I believe that they should 
 I believe that everywhere such as South 
 Africa and Iraq these are the only two 
 countries the only two other countries 
 she knows they should such as and such 
 as should have such as education like us 
 and the US should help the US or should 
 help South Africa and should help the 
 Iraq and the Asian countries so we will 
 be able to build up our future Okay. All 
 right. 
 Thank you very much. 
 That might be the craziest answer I've 
 I'm going to have to break that down. 
 Maybe she's on a wavelength winter on 
 and she's actually talking more sense 
 than we know. We're going to look back 
 and be like, "Hang on a minute. She 
 actually had the answer all those years 
 ago." So, let's break it down. So, the 
 reason some Americans can't locate 
 America on the map. It's because you 
 guys haven't actually helped Iraq and 
 South Africa with their education. And 
 if you did, that would make your nation 
 better. And some people in America don't 
 even have maps. So, I see what she's 
 saying. I see what she's saying. 
 Actually, now that I'm starting to get 
 it, I truly can't understand where at 
 what point. I get the whole like buying 
 time and adding words to the sentence to 
 make it longer, but the answer was like 
 all over the place in itself. It was and 
 you could have left it like, "Oh, I 
 think some Americans don't have maps." 
 So, it's kind of hard to locate 
 something on a map if you don't have 
 one. That would have been a great 
 answer, I think. But to bring Iraq and 
 South Africa, which two complet so 
 different countries, to bring those into 
 it and be like, "Well, that's their 
 education." That was really good. 
 Green guest on my podcast. 
 Oh my gosh. I mean, 
 honestly, let's think about that. One of 
 my exes. 
 Oh, 
 I think this this is a By the way, this 
 is a blue and black gold and white dress 
 situation here because I swear she said 
 I don't know one of my exes. 
 I could I swear she said exes, not exes 
 at one point and then it's just changed. 
 Maybe I've jumped through a wormhole. 
 Maybe that's what's happened. Oh, it 
 would be me, wouldn't it? 
 Oh, maybe it's the voices in my head. 
 Pants. Is that Lord Batch? No, it can't 
 be that. It can't be. Of course it can. 
 Think. Think I am thinking. 
 Oh, sorry, King. Edit. Ed edit that out. 
 What I like about that video is the 
 little turn away after saying it cuz 
 it's it's kind of like a mic drop 
 moment. Be like, "Ah, let's spice it up. 
 One of my exes." But then she's actually 
 got to come back cuz she's got to be 
 there anyway. I do that when I make a 
 joke. I'm like, "Well, you could do 
 that." Yeah. So, anyway, what were we saying? 
 We were all just laughing at what I 
 said, right? Yeah. Mhm. 
 Yeah. You've always got to come back to 
 the source. Always got to come back to 
 the source. This 
 is years ago, so I was way smaller. This 
 was like 
 You were not small, bro. 
 Like I probably had like 40 50 million 
 subscribers. 
 Like I didn't even have 100 million. 
 I didn't have 100 million. Yeah. Well, 
 guess what, Mr. Beat? I got one. 
 Yeah, that's right. Actually, now I 
 think about it. No, the other day I only 
 had 999,000, but now I got a million. 
 I'm starting to think a bit different. 
 I'm starting to get Mr. Beat's mind and 
 I'm starting to understand the algorithm 
 and I'm sort of plugged into the 
 algorithm in a way. That's why this 
 video fell on your recommended. Sorry. 
 Sorry. Not sorry. Me and Mr. Beat. It's 
 just something that we would get. It 
 really is. So, this isn't actually 
 cringe influencer cringe. This is just I 
 think it's just knowledge and power. 
 This video keeps me up at night. What is 
 it? looking. 
 That was Charlie. 
 [Music] I bet that's that was the Hollywood fix 
 guy getting that as well. He was just 
 everywhere in Hollywood at the time 
 filming the Tik Tockers be like, "Yeah, 
 do the thing, 
 Bryce. Do the thing, Charlie. Do the 
 thing." And they would just be on the 
 spot like, "Okay, fine." 
 Oh my god. 
 That's a video I hate. I'm surprised I 
 haven't come across that yet. Oh, what 
 is it? It must have been at like one of 
 those meet and greet things. You 
 remember? like it's not like Comic-Con 
 but like a YouTube meetup or Tik Tok 
 meet up or whatever where they could 
 meet fans and the fans would be like 
 they'd get a photo with the fans. That's 
 a hug. And then uh afterwards they're 
 like do their thing and the the guys 
 were like I can't remember which guys 
 did it but it was some of the American 
 Tik Tokers and they would always go and 
 they would just do it in person like 
 fine next come in hug photo next. Oh 
 damn. Jojo Seiwa takes shot at LA Pride 
 takes a shot. Damn. I thought she I 
 thought that she got hit. [Music] 
 Almighty Queen of the Lesbians, take the 
 shot. 
 [Applause] 
 [Music] Straight into the music. That's kind of 
 sick actually. I would dream for a 
 moment like that. Everyone's like, "Oh 
 my god, he's going to do the shot." I 
 get down on one DD, do it, puke all over 
 the crap, and then I'm back up. I 
 probably wouldn't be on stage singing. I 
 don't know what I'd be doing. I'd 
 probably contortionist. I'd get back up 
 and just curl up inside a shoe box. 
 Everyone's like, "Sick." Cuz I haven't 
 got any bones. Fun fact about me. I'm 
 all cartilage. POV. You finally get the 
 courage to record in public only to 
 watch the footage back and realize you 
 somehow perfectly sat in gum and then a 
 straw wrapper. And have been walking 
 around the whole grocery store like 
 this. Oh, the classic gum and straw 
 wrapper prank. One of the boys got you. 
 Did they? Oh, 
 [Music] 
 ma'am, your tampon showing. 
 That's what 
 That's so much worse than I thought it 
 was going to be. I thought it was going 
 to be on a single butt cheek. I don't 
 think it was going to be in the ass 
 crack. How's that possible? That is 
 actually surprising cuz that means when 
 you sit down, your ass crack must hit 
 the floor. When I sit down, my cheeks 
 keep me elevated. Maybe it's cuz I'm 
 double cheicked up even on Tuesdays. 
 That means your ass crack hitting the 
 ground and you're picking up that thing 
 with it. No, it's probably pure chance. 
 Pure luck. Unlucky. Oh, this was a this 
 was a scandal. Influencer loses it over 
 waiter. And then afterwards, after this 
 video, she was like, "No, the waiter 
 actually loved me, guys. He didn't care. 
 I wasn't rude at all. Everyone he loved 
 me." Everyone's like, "Okay, 
 [Music] 
 not here. Not here. Not them filming. 
 Not here. 
 I'm film." 
 Some people just have no manners. You see, I'm filming. How dare you? How 
 dare you deliver my drinks? How dare 
 you? I would get mad, too, if id ordered 
 drinks and they showed up. I'd be mad. 
 Oh, no. Why were 2020 Tik Tok couples so 
 dramatic? Tik Tok and 2020 was a whole 
 different space. I don't know why. Why 
 did Why did times change? Do you think 
 that'll ever go back in fashion when we 
 were a bit like, do you ever think we'll 
 get that back again? Is that still in 
 there? 
 2019, 
 Zoe cheated on me 
 and that was never supposed to happen. And that was never supposed to happen. 
 Maybe it was that damn combo over there 
 that that sealed your fate. 
 Try not to cringe. Batch edition. Well, 
 this will be easy, guys. I'll be honest. 
 I never really watch I don't watch all 
 my videos back. I watch most of them, 
 but then there's times where I'm like, I 
 remember being a little too freaky in 
 that one. I don't think I'll watch that 
 one. So, there's a chance I see things 
 in here that I never thought actually 
 went out there. 
 Sorry, I got distracted. There was dust 
 in the 
 Could use some cuddles. 
 That was 
 He's so cute. 
 Oh, you want cuddles, do you? Oh, no. 
 Stop playing into it. Naughty, naughty, 
 naughty. I will say the first one where 
 I Sorry. The f That was It's my ADHD 
 playing up. This is just me being cute. 
 That's all that is. 
 No one loves me. If only someone had 
 boobs that could show me really quickly. Oh, that's an old one. This is the old 
 Ah, actually, out of curiosity, comment 
 down below. Were you have 
 so maybe I can speak more than English? 
 Maybe I'm fluent in other languages 
 after all. Know what I was trying to 
 say. Did anyone watch my videos back in 
 the old setup? That's a year ago now. 
 Yeah, let that sink in. Oh, what does it 
 want now? 
 No, but seriously though, kind of I miss 
 this room. I do. This is making me 
 nostalgic looking back on this. There 
 was just more space to move around and 
 be weird in the back. I'm in an 
 apartment at the moment. When I when I 
 get back into a house, best believe it 
 gets I'm going to make my setup the 
 kitchen. How about that? Actually, this 
 is a good time to briefly speak about 
 the channel and the direction cuz we 
 just hit a mill. Although I I will this 
 will be more in depth on the actually 1 
 million special. But just briefly, I am 
 curious what you guys enjoy watching 
 because, you know, I make these reaction 
 videos, but I have so much fun making 
 videos away from the desk. And I'm 
 actually going to Japan tomorrow and I 
 plan on filming three videos whilst I'm 
 out there. I'm not there to film, but 
 Japan's like such a great place for 
 content. And those videos obviously will 
 be away from the desk and a bit 
 different. I I feel like my audience is 
 split into like probably like 25% of 
 people that do like those videos away 
 from desk and then 75% of people which 
 I've just accumulated from making these 
 reaction videos at desk. And I think you 
 guys prefer these sorts of videos. But I 
 am really interested to know what that 
 split is like. So please feel free to 
 give me feedback in the comments. Let me 
 know what you like seeing and let me 
 know what you don't particularly like. 
 But uh I will try and keep things mixed 
 up. No, I'm not going to limit myself to 
 just commentary just like I won't limit 
 myself to just videos out out in the 
 real world. Honestly, I just want to 
 going forward start just make videos 
 that I just want to make, you know. So, 
 there you go. There's a little little 
 insight to the channel future, but it 
 will be detect dictated by you guys as 
 well. So, let me know what do you want. 
 [Music] 
 I humbly apologize for making you watch 
 that with me. 
 Oh, no. I 
 There's way too many compromising 
 positions. I'm in out there on the 
 internet. It's interesting to see this 
 room back then, though. That wasn't even 
 that long ago. But things have I've 
 actually got stuff in the room now. How 
 long do I stay down there for? Full 
 grown man, by the way. Yeah, I was a 
 full grown bad man back there. Luckily, 
 I age backwards, so I'm younger now. 
 Damn, this is You caught me liking this 
 video of me. This is crazy. Which one 
 was this? Upwards. Your eyes go in 
 opposite directions. Oh, this is when 
 this is when I figured it out. Someone 
 commented. It was like a one comment. 
 The comment didn't have it. maybe had 
 like two likes. It wasn't even like 
 everyone had noticed it at once, but it 
 was on the podcast. Someone had noticed 
 my eyes when I look up go in opposite 
 directions. And that's been a whole 
 thing since I found out recently. 
 Me and I thought you Yeah, you me I'm a 
 female. 
 Anyway, can you see that or not? 
 Sorry, I got a bit carried away with a 
 meme in that as well. They really do 
 just go I'm keeping an eye up here, 
 keeping an eye up here. I have got quite 
 bad under eyes anyway. I think I've got 
 hollowed eyes. Do you guys have any 
 fixes for that? Any marine biologists 
 can help me with that? When I look up, 
 it just looks way worse. Just looks like 
 bags of dough. Like hot fresh donuts. 
 Okay. So, all right. Oh, I haven't liked 
 this one yet. Yeah. This So, this was 
 recently. This is when I realized 
 actually I can make videos about my eyes 
 and find out if it's a problem or not. 
 It's going opposite directions. Oh, 
 there's a spider in both corners of the 
 room. Where? 
 Look at them. They're kind of getting 
 worse. 
 Stand point. Is this okay? Cuz I feel 
 great like this. I feel fine. I just 
 can't see a thing. Okay. I look up and 
 my eyes go in opposite directions. 
 The only thing that will cheer me up. 
 No, you keep catching me when I'm making 
 videos cuz I look up too often. 
 Everyone's like, "Oh, he did it again." 
 You'll time stamp it and go, "I can't 
 help it." When I look up, they just go, 
 "POV is the alien apocalypse." And 
 they're starting to come down from 
 above. But don't worry, I'm on first 
 watch. 
 It's all clear, guys. There is no one up 
 there unless they're directly above us. 
 But I know they're not slightly to the 
 left or slightly to the right. 
 Even more. 
 OMG, show me that. That was a classic. 
 Omg, show me that purse. And my eyes 
 were just gone at that point. I would 
 never even be able to see the puss cuz 
 they were just to the heavens. They 
 really were. So yeah, sorry. That's 
 enough watching my videos. This is 
 supposed to be influencer cringe, not 
 influencer heartthrob. So, let's carry 
 on. Female streamer doesn't even say 
 thank you after somebody brings her 
 phone she left behind by accident. We can do it after the dinner. Your phone. Your phone. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 That was really nice of you. 
 Welcome. [Applause] 
 Your phone. All she did was She's in a Lambo as well. Probably not a 
 Lambo. probably something else, but it 
 sounds like quick car. That's my car 
 knowledge. I would be so thankful if 
 someone brought me my phone. I feel like 
 as a streamer, similar to me, all my 
 work is on my phone. If I lose my phone, 
 I'm like, "Oh, [ __ ] I'm in a bad 
 situation now." I would be like, "Thank 
 you so much. Thank you so much." And 
 what I would do is I would bake them a 
 fresh lasagna and I would bring it 
 around to their house. This person, on 
 the other hand, just gorped to them. I missed 2018 as well. Oh, why would Oh 
 my god, the yodelling kid went f was 
 this after the yodelling kid. Everyone's 
 like, "Oh, the Walmart yodeller who's 
 now like 58 or something." I don't know. 
 He aged really quickly and now he's got 
 his own music. 
 Oh lord, I thought I would cry. 
 She's got the kind oford [Music] 
 I can't remember if this was a serious 
 video or not. It probably was. beautiful dream. It's actually pretty 
 hard to do. So, you know, I'll give him 
 that. That's quite impressive. God. 
 Yeah. Actually, you know, I do kind 
 although that's really disturbing. I do 
 miss that era of YouTube and just the 
 online space. I feel like people were 
 just making so much content and it was 
 just so like they just made whatever 
 they wanted to do rather than it being, 
 oh, I stayed up 24 hours in a graveyard. 
 Like, it was more just yodelling in 
 Walmart or I try and eat a million 
 chicken nuggets. You know, 
 we're in Africa and I got a frozen brown 
 elephant which is Coca-Cola, hello and 
 cream laor. Literally find he kind of 
 stood like uh like he needs a wee wee. 
 Guys, we're in Africa and I got the 
 brown elephant which is Coca-Cola. You 
 kidding me? Yeah. I mean just just filming in public 
 is like that though. That is just what 
 it is. You're watching the video. You're 
 like, "Oh, this is actually a good 
 video. I'm really I actually want to see 
 him try stuff." But seeing it in real 
 life is a whole different thing. It kind 
 of ruins the magic in a way. Seeing 
 their full body, you're like, damn, I 
 didn't realize they had legs. Actually, 
 I'm Cuz you guys have never seen my 
 Well, I just got up on the I, you know, 
 I have legs actually. Sometimes you get the influencer ick 
 though, where you're like, 
 damn, that was the icking. You just you 
 just heard an ick escape me. But yeah, 
 when you're filming stuff, usually it's 
 an ad. You'll get like a an ick from 
 yourself. You're like, "Guys, this is so 
 good." And then you sort of catch 
 yourself in third person. You're like, 
 "Ew." IA Club's now selling €100,000 
 receipts for Instagram flexes. Drinks 
 not included. No way. But it costs 
 €10,000. So if you want to put that 
 receipt on your store, you spend €10,000 
 to get 100,000 receipt to put on your 
 story. Oh, damn. I might start putting 
 receipts on my story, but it's like a 20 
 Nando receipt. That's not to flex or 
 nothing. Oh, just a light one today. 
 Just a light rap with two sides. Oh, 
 Debbie Ryan has so many moments. 
 One thing was I went into the Disney 
 Channel building and I sat down with the 
 president of Disney Channel and I said, 
 "I want to make history." 
 I love that. I want to make history. 
 She's very David Brent. If you've 
 watched The Office UK, that's what she 
 is. 
 Drove back and threw my hair up and 
 zipped into a gown and here I am. It's 
 very I feel like I've lived a lot of 
 lives today. 
 Oh my god. Are you always on the go and 
 like doing spontaneous things? 
 It scares me to be still. It's I love 
 it. It's like it scares me to be still. 
 Yeah. It's like I don't know what the 
 word is for it. What sort What is that 
 that way of acting? It's just like a 
 movie character but come to life where 
 it's like yeah I'm actually really goofy 
 sometimes but it scares me to be normal. What is one game that no one should 
 challenge you at? Whether it's a sport 
 or a boardroom or video game. This 
 happened the other day. Throwing things 
 and catching them in my mouth. My friend 
 was like trying to do it and was like, 
 "Can you do it?" And I was like, "Oh." 
 And it was awesome. I was a beast. And I 
 was very proud of myself. 
 I can actually confirm she was like, 
 it was beast as it was beast. It just 
 was cuz we have some people here who are 
 vegan. Are you 
 vegan? I'm not. I used to be pescatarian 
 for the longest time. Um, and I was 
 vegan for a day until I realized 
 chocolate cake wasn't vegan. 
 That didn't go very well. Oh my gosh. 
 loving you on the crates. Oh my gosh, 
 fast forward. I'm like, 
 so is it T-Bot at home right now? Are 
 you going to go watch it after this? 
 Yeah, I'm sure my parents are watching 
 it. But um yeah, I don't I'm not like a 
 All right, let's go home and watch my 
 own face. I'm actually probably going to 
 go to Hot Wings to go get hot wings and 
 fried pickles after this. 
 Oh my gosh, you're amazing. 
 That's probably I literally Spencer my 
 date and I have just the entire time 
 I've been like, "So 
 hot wings? Yeah, this looks great. 
 Supreme." 
 She's like a like the the vibe of I'm 
 not like normal girls. I'm wacky. Should 
 we get hot wings? Yeah. I'm just like 
 that. I'm like most people would be 
 like, "Okay, let's go out and 
 celebrate." But I'm like, "Hot wings?" 
 And they're kind of like there and I'm 
 like, "Yeah." And I'm like, "Supreme." 
 So, ranking the cringiest dis is it 
 cringiest or is it cringiest? What's the 
 word? You answer that one. Disney 
 moments ever. Who writes these shows? Do 
 they have cringe in mind or is it like 
 it just happens because some of the some 
 of the things are 
 we white or black? 
 We're uh we're whack. The little the guitar strum that comes 
 in at the end. She's like, 
 we're whack. I'm afraid to show people the real me. 
 Oh god. This is why Debbie Ryan was 
 cringe in real life is cuz she had to 
 play a character. Or maybe it was. Maybe 
 it's not the character. She just I don't 
 know. I think she just went method with 
 it. Why me? If you can't tell, my legs 
 are in the Disney Channel position. 3 2 
 1 I was trying to jump back. I was going 
 to land like this on the bed to show you 
 why, but I forgot I had stuff on the 
 bed. So, I landed on it. 
 You know, these things happen, though. 
 They want to see if I have autism. 
 You don't. 
 Let's go tell them you don't. 
 You don't. You can't. No. Please. No. 
 You don't. No. You can't have autism. As 
 if as if it just changes him instantly. 
 No. We'll find a cure. We'll We'll find 
 a way. Uh, who wrote that? 
 RadioRebel. 
 [Music] What the hell was that? Oh, Camrock. 
 Yeah, Camrock really tastes the best for 
 me. Cam Rock. Do 
 you know how hard it is to get a big 
 group of people to agree to do that? 
 That's so unrealistic. I've tried so 
 many. No one will ever join a conga line 
 when I'm out in public. The most I ever 
 got to join my conga line was one guy 
 and he smelt like fish and I had to pay 
 him to do it. I also love how as a kid 
 watching these things, especially Camp 
 Rock, I was like, "That's really cool." 
 I know. Never at one point thought, 
 "What are they doing?" I always thought, 
 "Wow, I have looks." Okay, give me your 
 best shot, Hunter. Give me seductive. 
 Huh? Look too seductive for me. Okay, 
 Jason, 
 give me You just won the lottery. A 
 million bucks, but just from the inside. 
 Okay. 
 Look like a car is about to run over 
 you, dude. Kevin, 
 this is training for thumbnail faces. 
 That's what this is. Kevin, hit it. 
 Uh, your dog just died. Feelings in there, Terry, man. Come on 
 now. 
 Okay, 
 Kevin, you kind of served at your dog 
 dying. Kevin, your dog died 
 to death or did he go out kicking? 
 Was he in pain, though? 
 It's all in the eyes. It's all in the 
 eyes. Ignore the mouth. Okay. Woke up 
 feeling super grateful. The most perfect 
 date with the perfect guy. Beautiful 
 date, Maddie. You are so genuine and 
 real. We too believe we are genuine and 
 real. Oh, this was put on their story. 
 Happy to provide tutorials on toggling 
 between your personal and fan accounts. 
 Oh, this is how she commented it on her 
 own thing, but I think she was supposed 
 to toggle onto a she she runs her fan 
 account and she didn't. I didn't know 
 about this. That's just crazy. I loathe 
 her. Hiss. Okay, curly mom, chill. 
 Relax. So cringeworthy. This is what 
 happens to influencers when they don't 
 get their way. 
 Don't get me started on influencers. 
 Hey guys. So, like I'm in the middle of 
 editing and my Instagram account got 
 deleted and I'm trying to get it back. 
 I'm calling everybody I can and I don't 
 know why it's not working out for me. 
 I'm in LA because of this. I'm in LA 
 because I want to be on Instagram and 
 I'm randomly just recording this to put 
 this in the video. 
 I I am nothing without my following. I 
 am nothing without my following. And 
 when people try to hate on me and report 
 me, I've literally tried to be a [ __ ] 
 better person. I want to say to 
 everybody that's been reporting me, 
 think twice because you're ruining my 
 life because I make all of my money out. 
 All of it. Yeah. Okay. So, it does turn 
 out that she was reported for buying 
 fake Instagram followers, which is 
 against guidelines. But guys, look at 
 her. She's crying. I think I'm an 
 empath. I can sense these kinds of 
 emotions. I think she's sad. To be fair, 
 from the outside, you might think, "Oh, 
 that's so cringeworthy." But also to 
 play devil's advocate because I am 
 influencer with a million subscribers. I 
 don't know if you guys have noticed, but 
 if we lose our accounts, we lose our 
 job. And anyone would be stressed about 
 losing their job, guys. That's right. 
 Let that sink in. You don't want to do a 
 day in my shoes, pal. You don't want to 
 do a day in my shoes. One, I've got 
 athletes foot. Two, you got to be 
 prepared to get your tongue out at any 
 given moment on camera. It's not easy. 
 I don't want to lose that. And I know 
 people like to see me be down and be 
 like them and be like the 90enters, the 
 people that work 9 to5. That is not me. 
 Oh, you lost me. Oh, I think I spoke too 
 soon in her defense. Damn. Yeah, people 
 like to see me be down like them. The 
 90% is the people working 9 to5. I don't 
 think you're getting your following back 
 saying stuff like that. 
 Be like the 90ers, the people that work 
 9 to5. That is not me. I am in LA to not 
 be like that. I've worked so [ __ ] 
 hard to get to where I'm at. And for 
 that to get taken from me is the worst 
 [ __ ] feeling in the world. I'm in LA. 
 I'm in freaking LA. What does having LA 
 being in LA do to do Bell? 
 What did you just say? Never mind. 
 Hollywood pick. Oh, this is So, this is 
 an actual This isn't props. This is Oh, 
 my dog when he sees I've got food. This 
 is actually a car burning down and she's 
 like, "Oh, quick, quick, get it. Get the 
 shot." She just happens to be in a 
 bikini. That's kind of crazy. I hope no 
 one lost their life in that. Oh. Oh, 
 they're getting the pick as well, 
 though. They're getting the influencer 
 pick as well. You guys just aren't lying 
 down in front of it. You're not working 
 hard enough. That's the problem. 
 Influencer went live on accident after 
 announcing their dog died. Thoughts? How 
 do you accidentally go live? 
 Don't let them see your mouth. 
 Oh, I've seen this. 
 Let them see your mouth. 
 No, mom. I'm actually crying. 
 Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. 
 They're trying to get the thumbnail and 
 he's actually upset. She's like, "Yeah, 
 but you got to see the eyes. Make your 
 eyes more red. Make them more red." 
 There you go. Cry a little bit. Cry a 
 bit harder, Jake. Please. [ __ ] hell. 
 A dog died. 
 Red circle over his face. Red pointing 
 arrow at the kid's face. Come on, cry 
 more. This is me poking his eyes in. Cry 
 more. That's better. Make them water. 
 There's nothing wrong with that. You 
 sometimes you got to work that hard to 
 get the shot. Oh, [Laughter] 
 I mean when people comment filmed in 
 silence, it is actually funny to see it 
 or to think of it being filmed in 
 silence cuz it is it is to the outside 
 realm. Not letting anybody forget about 
 this iconic performance. Why is half of 
 this James Charles? Shut the [ __ ] up. 
 I remember this was in a mall, wasn't 
 it? Imagine you going to the mall. 
 You've just just trying to get some bits 
 and you've just got James Charles with 
 boots up to the ball sack going, "I need 
 somebody now. I need somebody now." Full 
 volume [ __ ] I'd buy an eye makeup 
 palette, too, if I heard that. Class 
 dance. What 
 going? I'm looking for astronomy 101. 
 Well, this isn't it. 
 Welcome to the 
 All right, sir. 
 [Music] 
 Excellent. 
 We're going to be learning about the 
 centrial force of hips today. With the 
 proper thrust of your hips, you can 
 propel yourself into success beyond your 
 wildest dreams. Would anyone like to 
 demonstrate? 
 Any takers? 
 USA. 
 USA. 
 USA. 
 I have a theory that if you start 
 chanting USA in front of any Americans, 
 they'll just do it. You can do anything, 
 but if you start going USA, you would 
 they would just do it as well. Is that 
 true, guys? Or is that not true? cuz I'm 
 trying to decide whether to try it next 
 time I'm in the States. The US of 
 America that is in the United States 
 where America resides and and your 
 education is good but you need to teach 
 South Africa and Iraq. That's the 
 America that I'm talking about. Okay 
 guys, that's all the cr I can handle 
 today. That's right. And now I know how 
 to be normal. So life's going to get a 
 little easier for this old goblin. And 
 uh thanks for watching. Make sure you 
 like, comment, subscribe, and guess 
 what? I don't know. Bye.